There once was a really long dragon that went through the skies at the speed of sound.
Without much of a warning, he would go down to the local markets and feast on apples.
One day, a brave challenger was attempting to take a piece of the dragon's scale while he was eating an apple.
The challenger was burnt to a crisp and his ashes were taken to the city's central river.

“Foolish humans!” the great dragon bellowed “No one can defeat me! Your sweet apple supply will forever be mine!” 
As the city gathered in front of the river to scatter the challenger’s ashes, the town’s mayor bitterly said “We cannot 
let this go on anymore, Appletown has always been known for its extraordinarily delicious apples. If we let this dragon continue 
to terrorize our town, we will have no more apple pies, apple tarts, apple jams, apple juice, candy apples, and caramel apples. 
Something must be done!” So, the entire city gathered to devise a plan against the dragon. They decided the best way to stop 
this from happening is to bait the dragon with the delicious fruit that it so desperately craved. 

Loading their wagons with some of their most delicious apples, they set of to bait the dragon to follow.
Comming to the edge of a lake, they began to build the framework of their trap. Their trap was simple, lure the dragon
to the edge of the lake, and once the moment was right, drop the platform with the apples into the water and drop an anchor
on to the wings of the dragon, drowning him once and for all. As night fell, the last of the floating structure was hammered
into place, and the townsfolk became silent. The wind rustled the trees ever so slightly, making the surrounding forest
appear to breath with anticipation. Back in the town, the scout saw the dragon approaching and stepped forward to greet him.
Wondering where the apples had gone, the dragon approached the scout with smoke flowing from his mouth. "Where are they?" he
belowed. "All the apples are by the lake. Go claim them if you want, we are done with you comming here" the scout said. 
Letting out a hiss, the dragon leaped into the air and flew straight to the lake. As the scout watched, he saw a glint
of light reflect off the back of the dragon. "Was that human looking?" He asked himself, and then immediately the local
legends raced to his mind. "Oh no..." It was too late. As the town readied to spring their trap, the dragon approached
the platform to swallow the apple bunch. At that moment, the town sprung the trap and leaped forward to finish their job.
But the unexpected happened. As the dragon screamed, the anchors began to drag him to the water, and then in a flash, 
the chains were broken. As the dragon dodged the rest of the falling trap, flying up in a shower of water drops, a
figure landed on the shore of the lake near the townfolk. As the town watched in fear, the figure stood up with the
dragon landing behind her. This was a Dragun, ancient dragon riders said to rival the mythical valkaries. It was said
that they protected the dragons and used apples as a source of their magical abilities. Knowing their fate was sealed,
the towns people screamed in horror as she raised her sword. Soon, the entire forest was ablaze and the ground was
crimson red. The flames licked the night sky as the Dragun and her dragon flew into the distance. As the scout 
fell to his knees on the edge of the lake, he looked at the reflection of the full moon and watched as it faded to
red.
